RedArcher the Elder Tamer is wanted for the murder of 246 people.
Pacem the Master Death Knight is wanted for the murder of 25 people.
Firstdevil the Elder Archmage is wanted for the murder of 155 people.
Rico Thornbjorn the Elder Bard is wanted for the murder of 86 people.
Morvaroth the Grandmaster Necromancer is wanted for the murder of 7 people.
Sweet Velvet the Grandmaster Spell Warder is wanted for the murder of 48 people.
Slothly King the Grandmaster Scholar is wanted for the murder of 267 people.
Tranith the Grandmaster Tactician is wanted for the murder of 2 people.
Judas NoPants the Grandmaster Archer is wanted for the murder of 59 people.
Slippery Pete the Apprentice Death Knight is wanted for the murder of 282 people.
Shaar-Lun the Grandmaster Brawler is wanted for the murder of 8 people.
Bruh the Grandmaster Thief is wanted for the murder of 16 people.
Vidar the Grandmaster Scholar is wanted for the murder of 264 people.
Amyzonis the Grandmaster Shepherd is wanted for the murder of 22 people.
Jane his Wife the Master Syth is wanted for the murder of 64 people.
HarryBerry2 the Village Idiot is wanted for the murder of 1748 people.
Cheesus the Grandmaster Brawler is wanted for the murder of 4 people.
Tea Leaf the Master Joker is wanted for the murder of 17 people.
Syn Morion the Elder Archmage is wanted for the murder of 474 people.
Peter Grimm the Legendary Archmage is wanted for the murder of 495 people.
Orphan the Grandmaster Thief is wanted for the murder of 7 people.
Loop Lilagree the Master Driven is wanted for murder.
Alocer the Grandmaster Undertaker is wanted for murder.
Sweet Louisiana the Grandmaster Driven is wanted for the murder of 175 people.
Drobcek the Elder Brawler is wanted for the murder of 23 people.
Sygun the Grandmaster Archer is wanted for the murder of 53 people.
GM Red the Grandmaster Scholar is wanted for the murder of 3 people.
helt the Grandmaster Naturalist is wanted for the murder of 2 people.
Garthavan the Grandmaster Scholar is wanted for the murder of 14 people.
