
[*]November 4, 2022
FinalTwist
Hi there traveller,

You've stumbled on our little server - the server runs a very modded Ultima Odyssey, with new maps, new content.  We tried to make Odyssey more of a multiplayer game, and added high end content and modified the world to be a place we wanted to play in. We hope you like it, share the vision and share adventures in this fascinating world.  

What you need to know:
1) This server is run by volunteers, and server costs are fully paid by donations.  No developper or gamemaster has ever made a dime from this project.  It's a labour of love and something we do because we like doing it and want to craft a world we want to play in.  Thousands of hours have gone into crafting this world, both by current devs and persons who crafted the world before us.  That is why is will remian free, and by using this project you agree to use the contents of this package on a not-for profit basis only.  We think that profiting from the work of others is wrong.

2) The world is constantly evolving - the people working on the project are and will make changes by adding new content or changing existing features, some of which which may impact your experience.  We do our best to keep changes fun and constructive for the world and project as a whole, and ask that you respect the work and effort being put in by volunteers by keeping feedback positive.

3) This project is open source, meaning it is 100% distributed for free at irregular intervals.  You agree that anything you do in the game or any contributions to the server will be distributed openly.  

4) You're about to embark on a nich, hardcore experience - you will die often, you will lose items and pets will need to be replaced.  No insurance, and many, many ways to lose items.  In this world, death is meant to have consequences.  Losing something is not bad, its an opportunity to move on in a different path.  

5) Closing this window means you agree to the above, and can start adventuring on!  

Rules for the server:
a) No item decay.  this means you can squat and "live" anywhere you want.  It's a true persistent world.  This is the main reason we are keeping the server small.  Please do not leave items on the ground (unless you want to decorate an area), and please use animal/monster corpses as garbage bins.  Corpses decay.

b) Vendors and npc's like to talk.  ask them what you can buy or sell, or just say hi and have a chat.  They will usually hint at what they can do for you.

c) No non-consensual PvP.  If people want to duel, thats fine, but we're a grief-free server.  That being said, stealing is A-OKAy.

d) There are multiple ways to play the game - observer, avatar, soulbound, moon-man - all have differing difficulties.

e) Read books!  Read notice boards!  most of the "how do it do this?" questions can be answered by going to the public library in sarth and looking for a book.

f) Your player will have a 2,500 skillcap on creation, but there is a way to increase this to unlimited skillcap.  Your character can be anything he/she wants, without restriction.  Be a Mage/Necro/Bard/Tamer and have fun. 

g) some commands you might want to know:
[c: chat 
[lottery: check the lottery
[gravedigger: call a gravedigger to seek your corpse for a fee
[changecharacters:  change you character (must be in house/inn)
[Afk:  let others know you are not at the computer!
