About Adventures:
You've stumbled on our little server - the server runs a very modded Ultima Odyssey, with new maps, new content.  We tried to make Odyssey more of a multiplayer game, and added high end content and modified the world to be a place we wanted to play in. We hope you like it, share the vision and share adventures in this fascinating world.  

What you need to know:
1) This server is run by volunteers, and server costs are fully paid by donations.  No developper or gamemaster has ever made a dime from this project.  It's a labour of love and something we do because we like doing it and want to craft a world we want to play in.  Thousands of hours have gone into crafting this world, both by current devs and persons who crafted the world before us.  That is why is will remian free, and by using this project you agree to use the contents of this package on a not-for profit basis only.  We think that profiting from the work of others is wrong.

2) The world is constantly evolving - the people working on the project are and will make changes by adding new content or changing existing features, some of which which may impact your experience.  We do our best to keep changes fun and constructive for the world and project as a whole, and ask that you respect the work and effort being put in by volunteers by keeping feedback positive.

3) This project is open source, meaning it is 100% distributed for free at irregular intervals.  You agree that anything you do in the game or any contributions to the server will be distributed openly.  

4) You're about to embark on a nich, hardcore experience - you will die often, you will lose items and pets will need to be replaced.  No insurance, and many, many ways to lose items.  In this world, death is meant to have consequences.  Losing something is not bad, its an opportunity to move on in a different path.  

5) Closing this window means you agree to the above, and can start adventuring on!  

Ultima-Adventures: Getting Started (Live or Offline server)

1. Download the latest version of Ultima Adventures from https://www.servuo.com/archive/ultima-adventures-a-full-featured-content-packed-offline-online-server.1374/
2. Extract the zip file to C: - you should end up with a folder like C:\Ultima-Adventures
3. If you want to play on a local server, run 'Adventures Server.exe' and wait for it to report 'End Daily Tasks'
4. Run 'Runme Option 2 - ClassicAssist Launcher'
5. Confirm that the paths displayed in the launcher are correct for Client Options (C:\Ultima-Adventures\Classic\UO\ClassicUO.exe) and Ultima Online (C:\Ultima-Adventures\ClassicUO)
6. Go into Options in the launcher and make sure 'Override Client Version' is checked, and that the Client Version field has the correct value (7.0.15.1)
7. Shard selection; if you want to play on the live server, select 'Adventures' from the dropdown. If you want to play locally and already have Adventures Server.exe running, select 'Testing'
8. Press Start and wait a few seconds for ClassicUO to open
9. Whatever you enter for account name and password will be used to create a new account for you, as long as the account name isn't already in use; have fun